Fix stacking variant order when variants inside a group are treated as equal (#14431)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

> - Fix an issue with the CSS order when stacking variants. ([#14431](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14431))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure individual variants from groups are always sorted earlier than stacked variants from the same groups ([#14431](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14431))
```
